In this exercise, we're going to practice working with
abstraction by creating this class sphere,
actually this is the class sphere, and also up here.
Then creating some accessor functions,
one for radius and one for volume.
You can see with volume,
there might be a few different ways to handle volume.
You might compute volume once when the radius gets set,
and then not touch it again,
or you might compute volume every single time you call the function.
The formula for the volume of a sphere is pi times 4 divided by 3 times the radius cubed.
You might notice there's a little bit of funkiness with the way this assert is working.
It's hard to assert the value of a floating point variable,
because floating point variable extent forever.
So in order to check that
the floating point variable is approximately what we want it to be,
we simply subtract out the value we're looking for
523.6 from the value that's returned by the volume function.
We take the absolute value of that difference.
So we know it's positive,
and then we just check that that positive absolute value is small,
that it's less than one.
If that's true, then we say that the assert passes.
So the class is pretty simple,
you create a constructor,
and then some accessors,
and potentially some private members.
But the interesting thing is,
from the perspective of the user,
there are a whole bunch of ways,
different ways to think about handling the volume function,
and the user doesn't care.
From the user's perspective,
you just call volume on an object of class sphere and you get the volume back,
whether that function is
calculated by running multiplication every single time,
or whether the volume value is cached
and returned immediately from the user's perspective.
That's not really something the user has to concern themselves with.